README.md, before:

# Happy Hotel 

To get started, try running `npm run test`. 

### Hotel Rules: 
- No extensions can be made to the hotel or its component parts without first implementing a failing test
- The hotel is not responsible for keeping guest or restaurant data

### Features to add: 

#### Checking In 
- [ ] Confirm a stay for tonight and update the hotel
- [ ] Don't forget about your first guest when another checks in
- [ ] Allow multiple guests to check in at once
- [ ] Don't allow the same guest to check in more than once (throw an error?)
- [ ] Don't allow a guest to check in if there are no free rooms
- [ ] BONUS: Consider refactoring your 'checkIn' function 

#### Check out
- [ ] On checking out a guest, update the hotel system to record the free room
- [ ] Request payment from the guest on checkout

#### Guests
- [ ] Store guests' names and dietary requirements eg vegetarian, nut allergy etc. 
- [ ] Guests should know which hotel they're checked in at at any given time.

#### Rooms
- [ ] Record when a guest complains about a room - the room cannot be used while it is broken
- [ ] Send a builder to fix the broken room 

#### Restaurant
- [ ] Print a restaurant menu 
- [ ] Select a menu for a guest, but don't give them anything they're allergic to
- [ ] Update checkout to include the restaurant bill

#### More hotels
- [ ] Add another hotel to the chain. A guest cannot be staying in more than one hotel on any given night.

Commit message:

Check in allowed only when available rooms

README.md, after:

# McDonalds Hotel 

To get started, try running `npm run test`. 

### Hotel Rules: 
- No extensions can be made to the hotel or its component parts without first implementing a failing test
- ~~The hotel is not responsible for keeping guest or restaurant data~~ <- this attempts to drive the implementation and that's not a good thing.

### Features to add: 

#### Checking In
- A named guest should be able to check in to a hotel with available rooms.
- A hotel cannot check in more guests than there are rooms.
- A guest can only check into one room.

#### Check out
- A checked in guest should be able to check out and the room become available again.
- A bill should be presented to the guest on check out.

#### Complaints
- If a guest complains about a room, they are allocated a new room while their existing room is broken.
- If a room is broken it cannot be allocated to a new guest.
- A room is fixed when a builder is sent to their room.

#### Restaurant
- A guest can order a hamburger from the restaurant for $5, this should be added to their final bill.
- A guest can order a veggie burger from the restaurant for $6 (green tax), this should be added to their bill.
- A vegetarian guest cannot order a hamburger.

#### More hotels
- The hotels expands to a chain of two hotels: McDonalds and BurgerKing hotel:
  - A guest cannot check in to two hotels at the same time.
